https://www.softkraft.co/starting-software-project/

The first document is the Project Plan and it has a few key components

Project Charter type (there are also Project Initiation Document, BOSCARD, 
Agile Inception Deck)

I. Problem Statement

The world is going through a process of Digitalization. In a lot of cases this 
means transferring data from paper to digital storage solutions in order to 
make it available for Data Science and other tools.

This is a problem because it is not a simple thing to do especially when your 
organization is for example a government institution with years of data in 
large volumes. It is simply too expensive to hire employees for this task. 

Hiring in cheaper regions has risks as the cultural/language differences might 
influence the reliability of the transferred data.


II. Business Case 

One solution is to hire employees for this purpose, train them, give them 
equipment and support and additional resources depending on the project.

Another solution, which we are using in this project, is to organize the 
process of transferring the data similar to a game, with appropriate rewards, 
and make it available to the current employees. 

    1. Reduced costs

This strategy will minimize the efforts and costs of having to hire a new 
department and the related costs to that strategy as current employees already 
have training, resources and the equipment.

    2. Improved motivation

Gamifying boring tasks results in improved motivation to complete this type of 
work because of the additional rewards.

    3. Quick Training

The solution will contain interactive training similar to a game or a tutorial 
one might find on the Internet with images and from the beginner level.

    4. Easy scaling

If additional resources are required for the data input volume to increase, 
they can be assigned from other departments or hired more quickly into the 
already existing mechanism. 


III. Stakeholder Map - email communications

    1. High influence, high interest (updated often)

Data Science team Leadership.

    2. High influence, low interest (update on milestones)

Company, HR, Data Science, current Archive leadership.

    3. Low influence, low interest (update on need basis, crowdsource if needed)

All possible employees that might be participating.

    4. Low influence, high interest (update on milestones, pilot often)

Employees that will manage and use the system primarily - data scientists, QA, 
trainers.


    IV. Goal Statement

Currently there is no system to add Archive data from paper into the system, 
at the end of the project we will have one. 

That system will give us metrics on how fast data is being introduced, how 
much is left and estimations on how much more time it will take if we increase 
resources.

If we were to train a person from a beginner level at this time, it would take 
another person and two working days. The training materials and the level by 
level approach will not require the additional person except for a small number 
of edge cases and work on the beginner level tasks can begin in a few hours.

We will know the system is done when the flow of data input is in place and 
works successfully with proof the data is added as intended. At the same time, 
the training materials are also successful at giving the beginner users 
complete information on how to do the tasks successfully. We measure this by 
the amount of questions the new users ask the training personnel which will 
expose gaps in the knowledge transfer.


Timeline


Scope


Team



